Clarify RSP docs around theming (#3622)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/dev/docs/pages/react-spectrum/index.mdx

    description: 'React Spectrum components are designed to work with mouse, touch, and keyboard interactions. They’re built with responsive design principles to deliver a great experience, no matter the device.',
  },
  {

>     title: 'Color Schemes',

Reviewer: spectrum uses sentence case

```suggestion
    title: 'Color schemes',
```

>     description: 'React Spectrum supports automatic support for dark mode and light mode based on OS settings.'

Reviewer: Two supports

```suggestion
    description: 'React Spectrum includes automatic support for dark and light mode based on operating system settings.'
```
